Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to Vice President Pence. He's a good guy. We've done a great job together. And Merry Christmas, Michigan. Thank you, Michigan. What a victory we had in Michigan. What a victory was that. One of the greats. Was that the greatest evening? But I'm thrilled to be here with thousands of hardworking patriots as we celebrate the miracle of Christmas, the greatness of America and the glory of God. Thank you very much. And did you notice that everybody is saying Merry Christmas again? Did you notice? Saying Merry Christmas. I remember when I first started this beautiful trip, this beautiful journey, I just said to the First Lady, "You are so lucky. I took you on this fantastic journey. It's so much fun. They want to impeach you. They want to do worse than that." By the way, by the way, by the way, it doesn't really feel like we're being impeached. The country is doing better than ever before. We did nothing wrong. We did nothing wrong. And we have tremendous support in the Republican Party like we've never had before. Nobody's ever had this kind of support. But this sacred season, our country is thriving and it's thriving truly like it has never, it has never happened before to the extent what's happening now. And by the way, your state, because of us, not because of local government, but because of us, because of the job that we've done. Because I understand she's not fixing those potholes. That's what the word is. It was all about roads and they want to raise those gasoline taxes on you. We don't want to do that. But she's not fixing the potholes. But Michigan's had the best year it's ever had. Best year it's ever had. And that's because we have auto companies expanding and thriving and they're coming in from Japan and they're coming in from a lot of other places. Look what's happening. And you know, I don't know if you know this, but probably 10 years ago I was honored. I was the Man Of The Year by I think somebody, whoever. I was the Man Of The Year in Michigan. Can you believe it? Long time. And that was long before I ever decided to do this. I was happy. I had a beautiful life. What the hell did I do this for? But look how we're doing. Do we love it? I love it. But anyway, I was the Man Of The Year and probably close to 10 years ago and I came to Michigan. He said, "You're still the Man Of The Year." Thank you. Who said that? Thank you. So I came in and I remember the speech so well. I said, "Why are you allowing them to steal your car companies? Why are you allowing them to go to Mexico and to go from China where they come in from China, they build them in China, they sell them into our country with no tax and you lose your jobs, you lose your factories, the companies leave and you get nothing. Why are they lying?" I asked that a long time ago and we stopped it. We've stopped it. And you see that. And we just made the USMCA. We're getting rid of NAFTA, which I think is the worst trade deal ever. And it's very exciting. It's a great deal. It's a great deal. It's going to stop exactly what we were just talking about. It makes it very, very prohibitive. They can do it, but they've got to pay a hell of a big price to do it. And history has proven that stops them. But we have a great USMCA that we negotiated with Mexico, with Canada. Now, from the standpoint of the farmers, you know what's going on. We had tremendous trade barriers in Canada. We had attacks on dairy products, 297% tariff, nobody talked about it, with Canada. And we had some really bad things with Mexico. We now have a wonderful deal. And if we didn't have a good deal, you know what I would have done what? What? I would have put tariffs on both countries and that would have been it, right? That would have been it. Unfortunately the deal's been sitting with Nancy Pelosi for a long time and what happened? And she had a lot of pressure, especially from manufacturing areas, farm areas, a lot of pressure to sign it. So here's what happens. So I get along with labor. I had a lot of union labor vote for me, tremendous amount of labor. In New York where I come from, we have a lot of unions. And that's okay. That's fine. So we left a little stuff for the union because we figured to get it signed, we'll give a little bit and we did it and we have one great deal. And now you have the Democrats trying to take credit for this deal and that's okay. Whatever it takes. For seven months, it sits. They don't do anything. We give. And by the way, I spoke to the unions the day before I say, "Fellows, you got to get it done." And union labor loves me and I love you too sir. I love you too sir. So we have a great deal with Mexico, with Canada. And it is true. I say it out loud because I say it to them right now. If they ever wanted to break the deal, that's okay. If somebody wants to break a deal with me, you always have to have an alternative, right? And this country, the deals we made, we did a deal with South Korea. That's great. We did a deal with Japan, 40 billion dollar deal with Japan. It was just a little piece of a deal. Okay? That was a piece of a deal. And I said to Japan, "Look, you got to make this deal or we're going to put a 20% tariff on the cars. And that's more money than anything we're talking about." That's all right. That's all right. That's all right. Get her out. Ger her out of here. Oh well. You're about to hear the greatest speech you've ever heard. And that's going to be the publicity because all the fake news back there will say massive riot… Massive riots. Fake news. But seriously, look, look, look, they won't say it. They won't say it, because when we have protesters all in favor, they don't talk about it, but there's a slob. There's a real slob. Wait, wait a minute. She'll get hell when she gets back home with mom. But she made… Look, she screams a little bit. And you know what I like to do? Avoid them. Because I'll tell you the big problem. I could hardly hear her. What happens is all of you people go crazy. Look, look, look, and the place. Okay, so there's one disgusting person who made… Wait, wait, who made a… I wouldn't say this, but made a horrible gesture with the wrong finger right? Now they won't say that, the fake news, they won't say it. If one of us did that, it would be like the biggest story ever. I think it's terrible. And I'll tell you the other thing, I don't know who the security company is, but the police came up, but they want to be so politically correct so they don't grab her wrist lightly and get her out. They say, "Oh, would you please come? Would you please come with me?" Sure. "Ma'am, would you?" And then she gives the guy the finger and he, "Oh, Oh." You got to get a little bit stronger than that, folks. And they… . Making another group of tariffs, seven and a half percent. This gives us a lot of currency to do the phase two deal, which they want to start, but we're taking in billions of dollars and to help the farmers who were targeted, 16 billion and 12 billion the previous year, helps the farmers. So you know what we do, out of that big check that we get, all that money flows into the treasury. Out of the big check, we gave the farmers 16 billion dollars and 12 billion for the previous year. And you know, the incredible thing, and I was with a lot of farmers. I was with a group of 36 farmers at the White House. You know what they said to me? I said, "Don't worry about it. We're going to take care of you guys." And I used a bad word. You know what word I used? We're going to get you a subsidy. And they said this two years ago, I said, "How much were you targeted for?" This was the first year. "12 billion, sir." The second year was 16. They were target. That's what they didn't get from China. So I said, "It's all right, we're going to give you a subsidy of the same and we're going to take it out of the tariffs and we're going to have billions and billions of dollars left over." And they said, "Sir, we don't want money. We just want a level playing field." I've never seen that before. I've never seen that before. So we will have invested in our military, since I'm here, which is less than three years. Our military, by the way, in all due respect to the previous two administrations, our military was depleted. It was depleted. It was in bad shape. We had fighter jets that were 35 years old. We had planes that were 60 years… You heard where the father flew them, the grandfather flew them, and now the young son comes in. We've got the best equipment in the world now. Spent two and a half trillion dollars, made in the USA. Two and a half trillion. We will shortly. That'll be all finished. We're going to have the greatest… Now we have the best planes. We're going to have the best ships. We're building a lot of ships now. We're building the most powerful weapons in the world. Now, we don't want to even talk about it. We never want to use them. But you know, the way we're not going to have to use them l be taking back our country, we'll be taking it back from people that don't love our country and that take back is almost complete. We have to win on November 3rd. We're returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, we are going to keep on winning. Vote for John James. John James. We need John James. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God, and together, with the incredible people of Michigan, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Michigan. We love you, Michigan. Thank you. Thank you.